I've been thinking a lot about
projected personas, or... masks.
Dr. Glenn, I need help.
I'm sure we can
work something out.
Thank you.
You know, politics, it's a
different type of problem solving.
Most of it is new to me.
This project simply doesn't
align with our interests.
But some things, they
remain unchanged.
Find what a person wants,
then either withhold it...
Make it 2.8 for Viktor.
Or provide it... and
they'll do anything.
Man's obviously
mocking the police.
We can use this.
A task force.
It's every bad
apple in the barrel.
This is what Hector
would have wanted.
All those kidnappings were
all close to the old track 61.
The rule of law will prevail.
Should you go back to any
of your old activities...
there will be consequences.
When you look outside this
window, what do you see?
- Starbucks?
- Voters.
Voters.
What do you see, sir?
Fear. A city
churning to a stop...
And I promised the
city that I would...
protect them from this... freak,
and we have nothing.
Well, that's not
entirely true, sir.
A girl named Angela Del
Toro was dropped off
at Presbyterian late last night.
Says she actually
escaped from Muse.
- She's still alive?
- She lost a lotta blood,
like, 2,500 milliliters
which, I don't know,
kinda sounds like a lot,
but she was able to point the
cops toward Muse's hideout.
But how did she escape?
The girl claims she was rescued by
the vigilante known as "Daredevil."
So, he's back.
- We don't know that for sure.
- Get out.
He's back.
It's okay.
I'm here.
Matt...
You were gone when I got here.
Madison case. It's a bear.
Matt, you left
your briefcase here
and... you didn't get
those bruises at work.
I went for a walk. I'm having
trouble sleeping. Okay?
Sorry, Heather, I know, I
know you worry about me,
but... I do just occasionally
bump into things.
It is part of my reality.
- Then why lie about going for a walk?
- 'Cause it's embarrassing, sweetie.
No, Matt. What's going on?
You're checked out a
large portion of the time.
You put yourself in dangerous
situations like the bank.
You're beat up. Is this
some sort of self-harm?
No.
Look, I'm just dealing with some
things, and obviously not very well.
Some things?
Look, Heather, you realize I used
to have this whole other life...
and it was a lot...
different to this.
At your old firm,
with your old friends.
Foggy and...
Karen.
Kinda.
You know, and sometimes
this all feels,
to me, feels like...
...fake.
Fake?
- Not you.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry to do this...
but you have been tamping
down trauma for so long...
you can't even see when it's
bubbling up inside of you
and threatens to ruin
everything good you have.
I know. I know.
- Everything good we have.
- Yep.
And I'm trying really
hard to fight it.
It's not a fight.
It's a process.
Got it. Understood. Thank you.
- Dr. Glenn.
- Oh!
- Don't joke your way out of this.
- Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
Hey, I'm sorry.
I love you, Matt.
I love you, too.
- What the hell is wrong with you?
- Morning, Cherry.
You think I wouldn't find out?
You give me your word and
then you pull this shit?
Keep your voice down, please.
Let's talk in the conference room.
Matt, can I just chat
with you for a second...
Just give me two minutes. I just need to
talk to Cherry about the Edelstein case.
- Two minutes.
- Mm-hmm.
- I told you to stay out of it.
- What was I supposed to do?
The cops were dicking
around getting nowhere.
I found Muse in one night.
- You want a medal?
- He's a serial killer.
Cherry, this is different.
Sixty dead. Would've been one
more if Daredevil hadn't shown up,
and he's still out there.
So I need you to reach out to your
contacts and find out exactly where
- all of Muse's victims...
- No, what, so you think
- I'm gonna enable you with this shit?
- After last night,
he's gonna go into survival mode
'cause he knows he's got limited time.
If I can figure out his pattern, I can
figure out where he's gonna strike next.
So, do me a favor, talk
to your contacts...
No. No, no, no, no.
If you wanna blow up your
life again, you go ahead...
but you're on your own.
You know, was a time when
you were on the force,
moments like this,
you called me.
It was just over a year
ago... when he vanished.
But why now?
It's not like Muse is the first
serial killer the city's ever seen.
We're talking about a man who...
dresses in a devil costume.
- I don't know why.
- If he is back,
if he is going after Muse,
it's not the worst thing
in the world, is it?
I just mean... for
the sake of the city.
For the sake of the city.
We're talking about a man
who singlehandedly destroyed
ten years of business
infrastructure.
- You understand what I'm saying?
- Yes, sir.
Ten years I built
that operation.
It was totally fail-proof.
Fail-proof until he had
me unjustly arrested.
He took down my entire business,
one that made
hardworking people,
who believed in themselves
and my enterprise,
richer than they
ever dreamed of!
An entire network of
blue-collar millionaires,
from distributors overseas to
the... to the port workers here.
Those people, they
had... they had grit.
He went on a rampage. He
tracked down all my workers,
custom facilitators,
all of them...
Savagely beating them.
He broke bones. Broke spirits.
Without due process. Without
standing or legal cause.
All because of this
twisted, delusional man.
This vigilante.
Because of his righteousness.
But... you've moved
on from that now, huh?
You're the Mayor now.
Yes, I... I have more resources.
Institutional resources.
Law enforcement resources.
Using those to settle old scores
could be seen as an abuse of power.
When I brought you over...
from your previous life,
can you recall why
I said I hired you?
I believe you called it my ability
to think... asymmetrically.
Yes, Buck, yes.
Now, I have the responsibility
to protect this city
from anyone who steps
outside of the law.
I was right, Mr. Murdock.
Hector was right.
And then Daredevil kicked
the shit out of him.
- Daredevil saved me.
- Yeah, I heard.
Angela, what do you remember? About
Muse? About Track 61? Anything?
Besides the murder basement
and the bloodletting stuff?
Yeah, besides that.
Those... detectives asked me a
bunch of questions when I woke up.
Jesus.
What's the point?
- Cops ain't gonna do nothing about it.
- No. If they don't,
somebody will. I promise you.
Now, I need you to
think really carefully.
What can you tell me that
was out of the ordinary?
What was different? Unique?
He had these, uh...
these sketches
and he was really...
amped about them.
Kept talking about them.
He kept doing them.
What of? Like, uh,
murals? Of people?
Faces.
Thanks for meeting
me, Mrs. Fisk.
You've been causing
a lot of chaos, Luca.
If you're looking for
attention, there are other ways.
Look, I'm a straight
shooter. I don't do politics.
Why the hell does he wanna
be mayor? What's his angle?
I don't have to explain my husband's
actions to you or to anyone.
You think it's bullshit
too, don't you?
We're not earning
like we were with you.
Most of us aren't
earning at all.
Then he sends the Brit to ding
me for nearly two million.
That was me.
- Oh.
- You know the rules.
Play nice. Keep smart. Keep low.
You did none of
that. Now you owe.
The rules were worth it when
you were running things.
It was better then.
You know that.
I can see it on your face.
Maybe...
It's time for a change.
Are you asking for my
permission or... my help?
That's up to you.
Hi.
I've been having this dream.
It's my eighth birthday and
we're at the house Upstate.
We used to spend summers there.
And I go outside and someone hands
me this bouquet of red balloons,
and I don't know why.
No other kid has them.
And then my parents,
they wheel out this...
like, giant birthday cake...
...and they call for me to come over
but when I join them, they don't see me.
I mean, no one knows I'm there.
Um, what do you think it means?
I have no idea.
You said your parents put
a lot of pressure on you.
No, I love my parents.
Bastian Cooper. Who is he?
And are you certain
he's our guy?
Certain, no. Confident, yes.
I, um, found a piece of clothing in
Muse's lair and we assumed it was fabric,
but our analysis showed
that it was actually canvas.
Canvas?
This particular canvas is
very rare, very expensive.
There's only two stores in
the entire city that sell it.
In the last two weeks,
12 people have bought it
and we have talked
to 11 of them.
Bastian is the only
person we couldn't find.
Doesn't prove he's guilty.
No, but when we started
looking into Bastian's past...
...we made some
troubling discoveries.
Involuntary commitment
when he was 15.
Expelled from Phillips Exeter.
Involuntary commitment
when he was 17
and... another one
when he was 20.
- He certainly does have issues.
- There is one more thing, sir, um...
How familiar are
you with taekwondo?
I like boxing.
Did I ever tell you I used
to compete in taekwondo?
No. Did you enjoy it?
No, I hated it.
I mean, my parents, they always
wanted an athlete in the family.
So, you competed in taekwondo...
to prove yourself to them?
No, I competed in taekwondo
because they made me...
and it was awful, but
they wouldn't let me quit.
There are really only a handful
of truly elite taekwondo coaches
and Lee Suk Ji was one of them.
That's why his father hired
Coach Lee to live with them
and coach his son. Bastian
was 16 at the time.
You said was...
Three months after Coach Lee
started training Bastian,
his body showed
up on the estate.
Cause of death was listed as unknown
but there was never an investigation.
And you think
Bastian killed him.
I'll put it this way. It
wouldn't surprise me if he did.
But you know, we're in a innocent-until-
proven-otherwise business so...
You know, I hated him but...
In the end, I learned
a lot from Coach Lee.
Um, do you still
compete in taekwondo?
Uh, God no, um...
I mean, all I ever wanted
to be was an artist.
To be the person I am now and...
That's all thanks to you.
That is kind of
you to say, but...
- I'm just the conduit...
- No, you're the key.
I mean, don't you see that?
I mean, you've unlocked
something in me, Dr. Glenn.
Something I didn't
know was missing.
I mean, you've allowed my
creativity to flourish,
to soar to heights I
never even imagined.
So, um, let's talk
about homework...
No, you're not listening
to me, Dr. Glenn.
This city... is finally starting
to see me for who I really am.
Does that mean you've
been displaying your art?
You could say that.
Is there anything else you
found... in that tunnel?
Uh, I'm sorry, sir?
There's rumors that, uh,
Muse and the victim wasn't...
Well, they weren't the
only ones down there.
Rumors that... the vigilante
from Hell's Kitchen is back.
Well, those, uh,
aren't just rumors.
We don't have
confirmation on that, sir,
but we are definitely
open to the possibility.
Yeah. Uh, thank you.
You've done a good job.
Uh, of course, sir.
And I'll take it from here.
- Thank you, sir.
- Uh-huh.
Bastian, your nose.
Becoming your true
self can be scary.
It's like you always say,
"We can't hide from ourselves.
"It's only when we embrace who
we are, we can truly be free."
Tell me about that drawing.
You already know, Dr. Glenn.
I can see it in your face.
Hey. Oh, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
Come on. This is a good thing.
Now there are no more
secrets between us.
Is that...
My true self.
Bastian, please...
I... I know what you're
thinking, Dr. Glenn.
There's only one question
on your mind right now.
"Can I make it to
the door in time?"
- Hey.
- Kirsten.
Where is Matt?
Uh, he said he had to go Uptown,
- pick up a report.
- What report?
To be honest, the kid's kind of
on my shit list right now, so...
You know, Cherry, I never thought that
you'd be the one hiding things from me.
- Kirsten...
- Matt has got a ton on his plate,
and yet, every time I see him,
he's in some kind of private
conversation with you.
What do you want me to say?
The same confidence I
give Matt, I give to you.
See, that doesn't work
for me! We're a team here,
and hiding things from one another
isn't gonna get us anywhere.
I trust you, and I trust Matt.
Be nice if that was
a two-way street.
...the battery suspect is...
Same.
Oh, Christ.
Hey!
Shit!
Are you sure it was him?
Well, yeah. As far
as I could tell.
Look, the facial recognition
ID'd the sketch as Heather Glenn,
a psychiatrist downtown.
Yeah, I'll... I'll
put out an APB.
No! Don't. The Task
Force can handle this.
You are the thin, dark
line protecting this city.
Remind them of that.
- And don't disappoint me, Powell.
- I won't, sir. None of us will.
Bastian, what are you doing?
My name is Muse.
- Bastian, please.
- Don't fucking call me that!
I am Muse! Muse. M-U-S-E.
It was you.
I read your books.
I've watched you.
You know. You
understand who I am.
Please don't hurt me.
Honestly, I can't
guarantee that.
Muse, where are you
going with all of this?
Please. Please don't.
Please don't.
Please. Please don't do this.
Please don't do this.
Don't you care about all
the people you killed?
Huh? Do you feel nothing?
No. No. Not yet.
What the hell is that?
Oh.
What the fuck are you doing?
You've kidnapped me, and then
you're gonna, what, shoot me? Huh?
Look at you. You can't even talk
to me without that insane mask on!
Anybody who needs
a mask is a coward.
Let's move! Let's move! Go!
I'm goin' in loud in two! Go!
Approaching the North
entrance. Stand by to breach.
Stack up!
Breach.
Heather? Heather.
Heather. Stay... Stay...
It's okay, stay with me.
Stay with me. Stay with me.
Here. Here. It's
all over. Heather.
Hey. Hey. Heather, it's over.
- Breach.
- Yeah.
Secure the scene, we have gained
access. All units, sitrep.
Muse is dead.
Secure the building.
Be advised. There are units outside
waiting for your command. Over.
Roll me a bus ASAP. It looks like
someone has stabilized the victim.
Copy. Two confirming. One down.
One victim in need of EMS.
He had a gun. Part of some
murder-suicide grand plan.
And there's something else, sir.
He wasn't the only one up here.
What do you mean?
When we made entry into the
room, Muse was already dead.
The place was a chaotic mess.
I mean... he was
here. Daredevil.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
Well, like you said, it was chaotic
up here and hard to see or to tell.
What we do know is that, you
and your men did your job.
That you stopped Muse.
You are heroes.
There was no one else up here.
Isn't that right, Sergeant North?
Yes, it is, Mr. Mayor.
That's right.
Yes.
Imma... go.
I don't know about
what they say they saw,
but I saw Daredevil
go through that window.
Look at you.
You know your boss will
kick your ass for that.
Nah. He's loving me these days.
Besides, he's dealing with
a personal matter tonight.
So, why drag me away
from beers in Bushwick?
New York One and all the majors, they
comb through your blog, don't they?
Of course. 'Cause I
get all the real shit.
Like Daredevil taking out Muse?
You burned me with that
Mayor garbage thing.
Look, you were high.
- You were slipping. I just...
- Shut up.
We're friends, BB, but
I'm not a fuckin' chump,
and you owe me.
The Task Force took out
Muse. Not Daredevil.
Yeah. The one problem with
that is it's bullshit.
You're not stupid, BB.
Mayor Fisk isn't fuckin'
around, and neither am I.
See, this here, this is a
carrot and a stick situation,
with a very big carrot
and a very big stick.
Are you actually...
threatening me?
No, no. I'm presenting
you with an opportunity.
A great one, with a great man,
and what you decide in the
next few seconds will determine
how totally awesome or totally
shitty the rest of your life is.
And I'd be so stoked if you
made the right call. You know?
Matt?
I'm here.
It wasn't a nightmare.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Listen, the, uh, doctor came by.
Said you have minor
lacerations but no concussion,
so we can take you home, first
thing in the morning, okay?
You're gonna be okay.
- I killed him, Matt.
- You didn't have a choice.
How do you know?
I know. I know
'cause I know you.
There was someone else there.
I mean, right before
Bastian tried to...
And that's when he showed up.
I think.
You think?
I think he said my name.
Who?
Daredevil.
Breaking news tonight.
The serial killer
known as Muse is dead,
and a Tribeca doctor
is in stable condition.
Muse was shot several times
during a daring rescue
by Mayor Fisk's newly formed...
...Anti-Vigilante Task Force.
Masked men can no longer
keep our city hostage.
I promised to keep our streets
safe and... I delivered.
Mayor Fisk! Mayor Fisk!
♪ If I got on my knee
and I pleaded with you ♪
♪ Not to go but to
stay in my arms ♪
♪ Would you walk out the door ♪
♪ Like you did once before? ♪
♪ This time be different ♪
♪ Please stay ♪
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ If I call out your
name like a prayer ♪
♪ Would you leave me
alone in my tears ♪
♪ Knowing I need you so? ♪
♪ Would you still turn and go? ♪
- ♪ This time ♪
- ♪ Be different ♪
♪ Please stay ♪
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ Please stay... ♪
Thank you, Buck.
♪ ...before I even
knew your name ♪
♪ And I wanted to
give you my heart ♪
Could you call
Vanessa and ask her
if she'd like me to bring
her home some sole meunière?
- Of course, sir.
- Hmm.
♪ Oh, how I knew that the
heartache would start ♪
♪ If I call out your
name like a song ♪
♪ Which was written
for you, you alone ♪
♪ Would you still
hurt my pride ♪
♪ Baby, if I cried? ♪
- ♪ This time ♪
- ♪ Be different ♪
♪ Please stay ♪
♪ Don't go ♪
♪ You know I'll always
love you, darlin' ♪
- ♪ Please stay ♪
- ♪ Don't go ♪
♪ Please stay ♪